Hmm Xue Lin
Chen Yuanxiao, it hurts today, it hurts today
It hurts to death
Your Highness
Madam came to save you with the determination to die
madam
Pay attention next time
It's a dog that can't stop eating shit
As long as my sister can be released by the side of His Highness the Thirteenth
Slave and concubine
Gulina is willing
Lantern Festival
You're finally back!
If you don't come back, I'm going to find you.
Uh-huh.
This is General Gulina from India, right?
Well, Your Highness, what a blessing!
Hmm, Chen Yuanxiao
The flower glasses have never been engraved and scattered
The red door is gone
What to open for you
Qinglong mannian
Where is the mellow fragrance when meeting people?
Ladies, Rafe is here
Your Highness is up
The boarding ceremony is about to begin
Then you let me sleep again
Ah no more
If Your Highness doesn't get up, I'll come in
See His Royal Highness the Prince